the nightmare in Gaza simply does not
stop across the strip places that were
once filled with life continue to fall
on Sunday shik radwan and tell Al zatar
in the north bage and nerat in central
Gaza in the South the Han Yunis refugee
camp nowhere is safe from Israeli
bombardment dozens of once living
breathing people are under this Rubble
now their neighbors dig through
mountains of concrete with bruised and
broken hands trying to save those they
can here they had gathered to buy
groceries from the local shop some like
this man lost their homes surrounded by
destruction he's angry but remains
defiant no matter how much they attack
us we will remain steadfast me my
children my neighbors my family and the
whole of the Palestinian people we will
all rise from under the rubble and we
will stand up to Netanyahu we defy the
entire world we're not going anywhere
the nakba of 1948 will not be repeated
over our dead bodies we will never leave
Palestine for those who survive there's
little Solace gaza's largest hospital is
a death zone those are the words of the
World Health Organization after a
high-risk mission to alifa hospital
which was under siege for days before
being forced to evacuate by the Israeli
military at the hospital's entrance the
team found a mass grave as healthc Care
Professionals I am absolutely humbled by
the work of you and your teams the
heroic efforts that you've made I mean I
have no words thousands of people
continue to flee
South not it's the road that leads to
death it's like the apocalypse it's ult
very difficult We Walk and Walk and Walk
there are those who have lost Sons and
Daughters the wounded pregnant
women but at the end of that road is
only further suffering tens cities are
filled with the displaced along gaza's
Southern
border what are we going to do what will
our fate be where are we going to stay
how are we going to settle are there
going to be places with basic living
conditions that anyone around the world
could have will we have
that the who is warning of starvation
and major outbreaks of disease but with
no ceasefire on the horizon and nowhere
close to enough humanitarian Aid all the
people of Gaza can be sure of is another
day of bombardment and another day of
fear Alexandra buers Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer